V.1 What is 42
1. In the most concise way possible, answer this question, what is 42? How would you
describe 42 to someone who doesn’t know what 42 is?

42 is a non-profit coding project based program that invests its cirriculum into the community to develop code developers.
    There are no teachers and no classes, except your peers and the internet.

2. Why are there no instructions on the initial 42 logic tests?

I did not take any initial 42 logic test, so I believe this question is referring to the projects and exams?
    I believe it creates and challenges the environment to become peer-to-peer and connect while learning together.

3. What are the core 42 principles?

M.A.N.!! According to the rules in the Piscine application:
    Fun. Sweat. Passion. Extraordinary means. Learning unseen digital development
    apprenticeship. Those are promises that 42 wants to uphold.
    'My engagments towards personal, towards other students, and towards 42.'

V.2 Why 42
4. If somebody is thinking of going to 42, but has no coding experience - do you really
think it’s worth their time?

It depends on their initial intentions and perspective, there's always some reason of why they want to join.
    Or at least the 'idea' of their purpose, even if it's "just because they want to try it."

5. What makes 42 unique?

It tests our strength of self-discipline and also being humble among your community,
    no classes, no teachers, all project based, which is just the beginning.
    Personally, I've never encountered such cirriculum and I have been enjoying it a lot more than regular school.

V.3 How to succeed at 42
6. What do you think you’re learning the most at 42?

In my hypothetical opinion, 'technical inter development in the coding community.' In other words,
    self-development, while increasing our soft and hard skills as a coder and a connection with the coding community.

7. Imagine (this will happen very soon in real life!), you’ve been stuck on the problem
for a while and have no idea what to do - what your next steps would be?

a) research in depth
b) google
c) 42 peers/friends/online-community

8. How will you ensure that your personal level of motivation remains high on a daily
basis to complete at least 1 level per month without the Piscine pressure and strict deadlines?

a) surrounding myself with successful or motivated people at or outside of 42
b) creating mini-goals and keeping busy in an actively aware mentality
c) Staying healthy! Mentally, physically, dietary, and spiritually!

V.4 Life after 42
9. If someone asks you why it says internships are required on the 42 website, but they
do not offer job placement, what would you say?

Internship equals experience vs Intership meaning actual job placement;
    I believe it weighs more on how our perspective of what an internship is and what our initial goals are.
    If our aim is to get experience, then an internship with possible networks or even the slight opportunity that could
    get us a job placement, everything is an opportunity. It just varies on how we see it and what we really want.

10. How do the internships work? Is it mandatory that you have to reach a certain level
before leaving on an internship or can you validate it anytime you find one?

Personally, I have never had an internship and I am pretty sure its not like the movie internship, but hearing from
    friends, internships have helped them learn and grow as a person and take the next steps to finding better opportunity.
    According to Jamie, she mentioned she can only help those who are LV7+ not because she wants to be mean, but
    it's because we aren't ready. I wouldn't say it's mandatory, but it's highly recommended to obtain the necessary
    knowledge first before saying we know something. It's like if we're all starwar fans, though in reality we don't know
    or understand the series, why go out and lie about being a fan? I honestly want more perspectives from others' before I answer
    this question.

11. How does 42 help you adapt to a work place?

I first believe, there is an etique in the tech industry, I believe 42 gives us that guidance,
and is creating a new variation of an incorporated etique: teamwork!
In any work place, teamwork is needed to achieve the goals as a company.
If there is a bond within the workplace, I believe there'll be a strong progression to success.
And just to throw in, 42 shows us professionalism, and life softskills.

Bonus

1. Dinny - Harassment Policy (Revamping the harassment policy correction methods and spoke about API)
2. Jin - Salesforce Outreach (Assisting Shanna with creating a program that helps collect data for outreaching to the youth)
3. Renae - Women's speaker project (Literally said it, as is)

@Bocal (I apologize in Advance for not spelling your name correctly)